rename aad to EID and remove OSM (#111)
Azure/AKS-Landing-Zone-Accelerator: Scenarios/AKS-on-prem/AKS on HCI or Windows Server.md

No matter how you choose to deploy AKS-HCI – wizard-driven workflow in [Windows Admin Center (WAC)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure-stack/aks-hci/setup) or [PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure-stack/aks-hci/kubernetes-walkthrough-powershell) – your cluster is ready to host workloads in less than an hour. Under the hood, the deployment takes care of everything that’s required to bring up Kubernetes and run applications. This includes core Kubernetes, container runtime, networking, storage, and security, and operators to manage underlying infrastructure. Scaling the cluster up or down by adding/removing nodes and cluster-updates/upgrades are equally quick and easy. So is ongoing local management through WAC or PowerShell.

> AKS-HCI is the best platform for running .Net Core and Framework applications – whether your applications are based on Linux or Windows. The infrastructure required to run containers is included and fully supported. For Windows, AKS-HCI offers an industry-leading solution with advanced features like GMSA non-domain joined hosts, Microsoft Entra ID integration, and WAC based application deployment, migration, and management. We want to ensure that AKS-HCI remains the best destination for Windows containers.

Reviewer: This one is Active Directory, not the product formerly known as Azure Active Directory.

```suggestion
AKS-HCI is the best platform for running .Net Core and Framework applications – whether your applications are based on Linux or Windows. The infrastructure required to run containers is included and fully supported. For Windows, AKS-HCI offers an industry-leading solution with advanced features like GMSA non-domain joined hosts, Active Directory integration, and WAC based application deployment, migration, and management. We want to ensure that AKS-HCI remains the best destination for Windows containers.
```
